Support wrapped string instances (#264)
MohammadYounes/AlertifyJS: RELEASENOTES.md

# Release Notes

* **UNRELEASED**

>   * You can now @import "alertifyjs" to get `the build/css/themes/alertify.css`

Author: ```suggestion
  * You can now `@import "alertifyjs"` to get the `build/css/alertify.css` with some modern build tools #264
```
